Add Nautobot App migration docs for Region and Site to Location data migration (#3350)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-2.0.md

Check out the API and UI endpoints changes incurred by the changes stated above in the ["Upgrading from Nautobot v1.X"](../installation/upgrading-from-nautobot-v1.md) guide.

> Check out this [migration guide](../plugins/region-and-site-data-migration-guide.md#region-and-site-related-data-model-migration-guide) to migrate your Nautobot Apps and data models from `Site` and `Region` to `Location`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [Region and Site Related Data Model Migration Guide](../plugins/region-and-site-data-migration-guide.md#region-and-site-related-data-model-migration-guide) to learn how to migrate your Nautobot Apps and data models from `Site` and `Region` to `Location`.
```
